Del 931 - Mejorar y estandarizar package de Request en DHL (#2)
janis-commerce/request: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/janis-commerce/request/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/janis-commerce/request?branch=master)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40janiscommerce%2Frequest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@janiscommerce/request)

## 📦 Installation
```js
const { Request } = require('@janiscommerce/request');
```

| :warning: Migration :warning: |
| :--: |
| If you are using v1.x see the [migration guide](#running-migration) |

## :hammer: Usage

### Request example

> Making a custom request. When the response status code is greater than or equal to 400 throws an error.
> 
> If you want to handle the error safely you can use `RequestSafe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a custom request.

> :warning:  When the response **status code is greater than or equal to 400 throws an error.**

```

```js

try {

    const { statusCode, body } = await Request.get('https://reqres.in/api/users');

    console.log(`Status code: ${statusCode}`); // Status code: 200
    console.log(body); // { message: 'OK' }

} catch(error){

    console.log(error)

    /*
		{
			name: 'RequestError'
			message: 'Request failed: internal error',
			code: 1
		}
    */
}
```

### RequestSafe example

> Making a custom safe request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a custom safe request

> :warning:  If you want to handle the error safely. **NOT THROW**
```

* [Request](#Request)
    * [.defaultHeaders](#Request.defaultHeaders)

>     * [.httpMethod](#Request.defaultHeaders)

Reviewer 2: Acá quedó bardeado el link..

Author: jaja no, habia entendio que tenia que implementar getters para httpMethod, endopoint, etc individuales.. ahi lo modifico

<a name="Request.defaultHeaders"></a>

### Request.defaultHeaders
<details>
    <summary>To get default request headers</summary>

**Kind**: static property of [<code>Request</code>](#Request)
**Read only**: true
<a name="Request.get"></a>
</details>

### Request.httpMethod
<details>
    <summary>To get request http method</summary>

**Kind**: static property of [<code>Request</code>](#Request)

> **Read only**: true

Reviewer: :warning:  Guarda que los Read Only te quedaron en la misma linea
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39351850/126009449-5aabf8e3-f4d3-4c38-a673-8bb83073a569.png)

| rawBody | <code>Array</code> | Response body without serialization. |
| originRequest | [<code>CallOptions</code>](#CallOptions) | Used to make another request based on the origin request. Ie: For retry the same request |

---
## :running: Migration
### Migration from v1.x to v2

Now `Request`, in addition to being required in another way, throws an error if the response status code if >= 400

If you want to keep the functionality of v1.x must require and change `RequestSafe` to your old `Request` as follows
```js
// old way to require the package
const Request = require('@janiscommerce/request');

// new way

> const { Request } = require('@janiscommerce/request');

Reviewer 2: La migración tiene que ser a la clase que mantiene el comportamiento..

```suggestion
const { RequestSafe } = require('@janiscommerce/request');
```

| rawBody | <code>Array</code> | Response body without serialization. |
| originRequest | [<code>CallOptions</code>](#CallOptions) | Used to make another request based on the origin request. Ie: For retry the same request |

---
## :running: Migration
### Migration from v1.x to v2

> Now `Request`, in addition to being required in another way, throws an error if the response status code if >= 400

Reviewer: Pondría un ejemplo de como se requeria antes y uno como el de ahora.
